TO DO in CellularResolutions package: 

Note: We should think of these things as the posets coming from CW complexes or posets for which we can do "Cellular Resolutions"

General: 
-- Documentation documentation documentation 
-- Clean up the SimplicialComplexes package (future project)
-- Think about whether it suffices to have the boundary be a homology sphere (we sure thought about it)

Specific: (In approximate order of importance)
1) Add homology function that can be applied directly to the cell complex (Done)
2) Add tools for cohomology (Done)
3) Add a database of common complexes (Done, still needs tests/doc)
   a) Sphere (Done)
   b) RP^n (Done) 
   c) Torus (Done
4) Get a cell complex from a polytope/simplicial complex (Done)
5) Be able to check at the cell complex level minimality/resolutionness (Minimality: done)
6) Use options in homology/chainComplex to allow the user to choose reduced homology (done, needs more tests).
7) New attach function that takes for input a cell complex and a boundary (and a label?), and returns a new cell complex with a cell attached there (probably not doable)
8) Make labelRing optional (not worth it at the moment)
8a) Be able to change labelRing (i.e. tensor with a new ring) (partially done, maybe want a substitute function?)
9) Make a relabel function (something that maps old values to new values) (done)
10) Create a way of giving nice output for cells/cell complexes (net) (Done)
11) Cache results (Done)
12) Figure out how carefully we can check if something is a CW complex/ figure out how to write isWellDefined (impossible)
13) Add a n-skeleton function (Done)
14) Function for cell poset (Done)
15) Add polyhedral complex -> cell complex code (Done)
16) Wedge/Connect Sum/cone/etc of cell complexes (future project)
17) Add hullComplex (Done) 
18) Add taylorComplex (Done)


Issues:
1) Make sure boundary maps are indexed correctly -- I think this is causing the failure of the relabel test. (Actually, maybe the test isn't broken... We probably SHOULD have non-zero H_(-1)?)
2) Boundaries are horribly broken if a cell's boundary contains codimension 2 cells. (fixed)
3) The net output for a cell complex returns the number of top-dimensional cells, NOT the number of maximal cells. So this isn't quite correct if your complex isn't pure. (fixed)
4) How do you document an optional input? (done)
5) What is the attach function that doesn't exist? And did we want to do something with it?  (removed, done)
6) What breaks if you give things the empty cell complex? 
